This is a long description of this image:
https://github.com/w3c/webpayments-ig/blob/master/latest/charters/images/WebPaymentsBasicPaymentFlow.png

The purpose of the graphic is to illustrate (in a general sense)
the sort of payment flow that the standards deliverables of this
group intend to address.

The principle entities involved in the flow defined by these
APIs are the Web application, user agent, and digital wallet service.

Here are the steps:

1. Payment begins with a Payment Initiation Request from a Web
application (running in a user agent). The Web application sends a
"payment initiation request."

2. Branching question: Is there a wallet service configured to handle
payment requests? If no, this is an exception. It may be handled
a variety of ways (e.g., the Web application might redirect the payer
to a traditional payments page or some other payment flow).

3) Otherwise, if there is a wallet service, then "payment instrument
discovery" takes place and the following branching question is asked:
Does the payer have a payment instrument that can be used for this
payment? If no, this is an exception and may be handled in a variety
of ways.

4) Otherwise, the user is prompted to select a payment instrument, to
confirm the terms of the transaction, and possibly to provide
additional data.

5) The wallet service then sends a "payment initiation response" to
the Web application.

6) The application validates the response and there is a branch at
this point between credit pull and debit push transactions. If the
selected payment instrument is "payee initiated" then payment
processing begins and when complete, a notification is sent from
the Web application to the wallet service, which replies to the
Web application that it has received the notification and the
protocol terminates.

7) On the other hand, if the selected payment instrument is
"payer initiated", then the Web application sends a request to the
digital wallet service to complete payment processing. WHen complete,
a notificaiton is sent from the Wallet service to the Web application
and the protocol terminates.

